Rewrite MEP doc as additional, not either/or (#1665)
globus/globus-compute: docs/endpoints/endpoint_examples.rst

> Example Globus Compute Endpoint Configurations

Author: Given the unfortunate overload of the word _Endpoint_ in our ecosystem, my goal was to try, in key places, to adorn it with _Compute_.  Globus is perhaps superfluous, but I'm also attempting to be aware of branding.

Hmm.

What about just _Example Configurations_?  From context (as a submenu item below _Globus Compute Endpoints_), it is perhaps clear?

> Example Globus Compute Endpoint Configurations

Reviewer: That sounds good to me.

Example Configurations
**********************

.. _configuration-section:

While Globus Compute is in use on various systems around the world, getting to a working

> configuration that matches the underlying system constraints and site-administrator's
> requirements often takes trial and error.  Below are example configurations for some

Reviewer 2: Slight grammar suggestion:
```suggestion
configuration that matches the underlying system constraints and the requirements of the
site-administrator often takes trial and error.  Below are example configurations for some
```

well-known systems that are known to work.  These serve as a reference and (literally)

> as a copy-paste source for getting started.

Reviewer 3: Most of our configs need the user to update user-specific info (allocation id, conda activation string... ). We shouldn't set expectations of a copy-paste working.

Author: *nod; I've removed the copy-paste language.
